Bank of America — Quantitative Data Analytics Summer Analyst Program - 2027
Program ID 14420
Region: U.S. and Canada
Locations: Atlanta, GA; Charlotte, NC; Chicago, IL; New York, NY
Program: Quantitative Data Analytics Program (QDAP)
Program type: Summer internship
Entry level: Analyst

Quantitative Data Summer Analyst Program Overview

The Quantitative Data Summer Analytics Program is a 10-week Summer internship and
precursor for the Global Quantitative Data Analytics Program designed to develop and
coach quantitative and analytical talent.

As an intern, you will complete on-the-desk work with your assigned team and apply
quantitative and analytical methods to specific financial challenges. Throughout the
internship, you will engage in challenging projects and opportunities to advance your
career and development in addition to engaging in learning and professional development
opportunities, networking and volunteer events, mentorship, speaker series, and more.

The Quantitative Data Analyst Program extends across five lines of business:
  Global Risk Management
  Chief Financial Officer Group
  Enterprise Credit
  Consumer & Small Business Banking
  Analytics, Modeling & Insights

What You'll Do - Explore Potential Roles

Quantitative Analyst: Apply mathematical and statistical models to understand and solve
financial and risk management problems; skills include but are not limited to financial
and mathematical modeling, specifically proficiencies in programming languages including
Python, C++, R, MATLAB and/or JAVA

Data Analyst: Broad responsibilities for collecting, cleaning, analyzing data, and
extracting insights without necessarily specializing in complex model development;
skills include but are not limited to data structures, data integration and data
cleaning, specifically proficiencies in data visualization tools including Tableau,
Hadoop and/or PowerBI and programming languages including Python, R, SQL and/or Java

Intern assignments are developed based on business need and aligned to skillset and
therefore cannot be guaranteed.

Location: This role has headcount in Atlanta, Charlotte, Chicago, and NYC Metro.

A Day in the Life

As a Summer Analyst, you will be placed on one team where your primary responsibilities
may include but are not limited to:
- Extracting, processing, and interpreting data to support decision-making, including
  the potential for complex modeling
- Conducting research and analysis, including assessing internal and public data, to
  provide a micro view of risk and/or financial management in a particular business line
  and a macro view for the organization
- Applying quantitative and analytical knowledge to specific financial challenges and
  projects specific to your business alignment

Lines of Business Descriptions

Global Risk Management
Global Risk Management (GRM) leads company-wide initiatives for managing risk and
sustaining a strong risk culture, including the development and implementation of
independent risk management measures. GRM is responsible for managing the Bank's risk
framework and key risk types including strategic risk, credit risk, market risk,
liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk and reputational risk. We oversee the
company's governance and strategy for global risk management, including relationships
with key regulators and supervisory institutions worldwide.

Chief Financial Office
The Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Group is responsible for the overall financial
management of our company and is an integral part of the bank's structure, ensuring the
efficient and proactive management of finance, regulatory and capital requirements. The
team's responsibilities encompass accounting, financial and regulatory reporting, balance
sheet management, financial planning and analysis, treasury, investor relations,
corporate investments and tax. Additionally, we leverage technology to automate
processes, standardize reporting and increase productivity.

Enterprise Credit
Enterprise Credit is an integrated credit underwriting, monitoring, credit data
management and credit technology transformation organization supporting clients across
the bank's eight lines of business including consumers, companies and institutions. Data
management includes internal and regulatory reporting as well as partnering with the
credit technology transformation team to ensure data and appropriate controls are built
into credit systems to drive transparency and support digitization.

Consumer & Small Business
Consumer & Small Business Banking drives strategic growth initiatives across core
business units to serve client and business needs. The group supports high priority
strategic initiatives that span functions such as strategy, product management, digital,
marketing, sales enablement, operations, payments and analytics. Retail Banking provides
mass market U.S. consumers with the full range of financial products and services through
our award-winning digital banking capabilities and an unmatched retail banking network.

Consumer - Analytics, Modeling, and Insights
The Analytics, Modeling and Insights (AMI) team is responsible for client insights that
enable our partners to make better decisions. We use analytics, research, modeling,
decision sciences, measurement and reporting to understand what clients and prospects
think, feel and do, in order to anticipate next steps and inform our business strategies.

Qualifications

Degree Type: Bachelor's or Bachelor's direct to Master's degree from an accredited
college or university
Graduation Dates: between November 2027 and August 2028
Major/Course of Study: Math, Statistics, Economics, Data Science, Computer Science,
Financial Engineering, or other similar course of study
GPA: 3.5 minimum GPA preferred
Candidates must have advanced programming language and analytical tool skills, including
but not limited to Python, SQL, R, C++, MATLAB and/or Java
Candidates interested in the Data Analyst profile should possess proficiencies in data
visualization tools, including but not limited to Tableau, Hadoop and/or PowerBI

Internship and full-time recruiting occurs on a rolling basis once our applications are
open.

Travel: On needs basis
Full / Part-time: Fulltime
Hours Per Week: 40.00
Shift: 1st shift
Application Deadline: November 7 2026
