Software Engineer: Data Platform/Analytics Intern Opportunities for University Students, Redmond
United States, Washington, Redmond
Apply now

Add to cart


Find out how well you match with this job

Upload your resume

Job description

Company and benefits
Job number
200042200
Date posted
Aug 03, 2026
Work site
3 days / week in-office
Travel
Less than 25%
Profession
Software Engineering
Discipline
Software Engineering
Role type
Individual Contributor
Employment type
Internship
Overview
Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead.  

As a Software Engineering Intern – Data Platform & Analytics, you will help build the systems that collect, process, store, analyze, and deliver data at scale. You will work on data pipelines, databases, analytics platforms, telemetry systems, and reporting solutions that support product innovation and data-driven decision making. You will collaborate with engineers to develop reliable and efficient data solutions while improving data quality, performance, and observability. This opportunity will allow you to gain hands-on experience with modern data platforms that power insights across products used by millions of customers.

At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You'll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.  



Responsibilities
Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering.  
Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature.  
Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes.  
Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions.  
Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment.  
Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. 


Qualifications
Required Qualifications 

Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship,
OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship.
Preferred Qualifications 

1+ year(s) of programming experience.
6+ months of experience in delivering projects in teams.
1+ year(s) of experience in developing and applying data structures and algorithms.
Coursework or experience in databases, analytics, data engineering, or distributed systems.
Experience with SQL and programming languages such as Python, Java, Scala, C#, or similar.
Familiarity with ETL pipelines, data processing frameworks, telemetry systems, reporting tools, or cloud-based data platforms.
Interest in large-scale data processing, analytics, query optimization, data quality, and business insights.


The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here:
https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay

Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from August through February, or until all positions are filled.


This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled.



Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.

Insights from previous hires
Top skills
Algorithms
C++
Previously worked as
1. Cloud Solution Architect
2. Student
3. Teaching Assistant
4. Software Engineer
5. Tech Support Engineer
Similar jobs