Software Engineer: Fullstack Product (Web + Services) Intern Opportunities for University Students,
United States, Washington, Redmond
Apply now

Add to cart


Find out how well you match with this job

Upload your resume

Job description

Company and benefits
Job number
200042195
Date posted
Aug 03, 2026
Work site
3 days / week in-office
Travel
Less than 25%
Profession
Software Engineering
Discipline
Software Engineering
Role type
Individual Contributor
Employment type
Internship
Overview
Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead.  

As a Software Engineering Intern – Full-Stack Product, you will build end-to-end product experiences across user interfaces, APIs, and backend services. You will collaborate with engineers, designers, and product managers to create intuitive, accessible, and high-quality experiences that delight customers. You will contribute across the full development lifecycle, from designing responsive user interfaces and building scalable services to testing, debugging, and iterating on features based on customer feedback. This opportunity will enable you to strengthen your full-stack engineering skills while delivering experiences that impact millions of users around the world.

At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology.  

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.  



Responsibilities
Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering.  
Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature.  
Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes.  
Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions.  
Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment.  
Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale.  


Qualifications
Required Qualifications 

Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship,
OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship.
Preferred Qualifications 

1+ year(s) of programming experience.
6+ months of experience in delivering projects in teams.
1+ year(s) of experience in developing and applying data structures and algorithms.
Coursework, projects, or prior experience building end-to-end applications.
Experience with TypeScript or JavaScript and modern web frameworks such as React or Angular.
Experience building backend services using C#, Java, Node.js, Python, or similar technologies.
Familiarity with REST APIs, testing frameworks, accessibility principles, and modern software engineering practices.


The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here:
https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay

Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from August through February, or until all positions are filled.


This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled.



Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.