About the job
Date Posted:

2026-05-27

Country:

United States of America

Location:

US-TX-RICHARDSON-C17 ~ 1717 Cityline Dr ~ CITYLINE C17

Position Role Type:

Remote

U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements: 

The ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. government issued security clearance is required. U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance

Security Clearance Type: 

TS/SCI without Polygraph

Security Clearance Status: 

Active and existing security clearance required after day 1

Are you ready to explore the world of aerospace and defense? Do you want to learn from and collaborate with some of the greatest minds in the industry? At RTX, our internships, co-ops and full-time careers provide an exceptional foundation to work on complex problems, advance your skills and create a safer, more connected world. Discover opportunities to make a difference at RTX.

At Raytheon, the foundation of everything we do is rooted in our values and a higher calling – to help our nation and allies defend freedoms and deter aggression. We bring the strength of more than 100 years of experience and renowned engineering expertise to meet the needs of today’s mission and stay ahead of tomorrow’s threat. Our team solves tough, meaningful problems that create a safer, more secure world.

Raytheon’s Air & Space Defense Systems (ASDS) strategic business unit (SBU) specializes in multi-domain integrated air and missile defense, advanced sensors, space-based systems, hypersonics, effectors and cyber solutions. Focused on program execution, business growth and the highest level of customer satisfaction, the ASDS team provides customers with unmatched capabilities of detection and sensing, command and control, and air-to-air, air-to-surface, and surface-to-air munitions to accomplish air, space and missile defense missions. Within ASDS, Space Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance is our Sub-SBU that delivers information superiority from space, multi-mission automation and orchestration, multiple intelligence (Multi-INT) and resilient operations, secure processing, and data management.

Raytheon is hiring software engineering co-ops as a part of the Raytheon Cooperative Education Program (Co‑op). This is a part-time, remote role targeting senior or postgraduate students with an expected graduation date of May 2027 or August 2027 in Computer Science or a related STEM field. The part-time position is planned to begin in Summer 2026. 

Upon selection, Co‑op participants will complete a Co‑op Program Agreement and will be submitted for a U.S. Government security clearance, including completion of the Standard Form 86 (SF‑86).

Co‑op participants must maintain eligibility for a U.S. Government security clearance throughout the program and subsequent employment.

A Raytheon Co-op Program Information Seminar will be scheduled in conjunction with candidate interview sessions.

What You Will Learn:

Processes to design, develop, test, deliver, and maintain software for cutting-edge satellite ground systems 
Advanced software technologies 
Modern DevSecOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery techniques 
Software lifecycle practices for large-scale defense project 
Satellite ground system technologies 

Qualifications You Must Have:

Must be a Senior or Post-Graduate with graduation / completion of studies in December 2026, May 2027, or August 2027 in Computer Science or related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) major 
Experience developing object-oriented software using Java in a Linux environment (Experience may be obtained through on-the-job experience, research, coursework, or projects) 
Ability to troubleshoot software errors and provide fixes in a modern Integrated Development Environment (IDE) such as Eclipse or VSCode 
The ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. government issued TS/SCI security clearance is required. U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance. 

Qualifications We Prefer:

Experience with Agile development 
Experience developing software using C++, Javascript, and Python 
Experience working with applications in the AWS Cloud 
Experience with microservices, Docker, Kubernetes, and containerized applications 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 

What We Offer:

Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation. 

Learn More & Apply Now!

Please consider the following role type definition as you apply for this role.

Employees who are working in Onsite roles will work primarily onsite. This includes all production and maintenance employees, as they are essential to the development of our products. 
Please upload a copy of your most recent transcripts with your resume when applying to this requisition. Include your cumulative GPA and projected graduation date on your resume. 
This position requires the ability to obtain a security clearance. DCSA Consolidated Adjudication Services (DCSA CAS), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process. More information about Security Clearances can be found on the US Department of State government website here: https://www.state.gov/m/ds/clearances/c10978.htm

As part of our commitment to maintaining a secure hiring process, candidates may be asked to attend select steps of the interview process in-person at one of our office locations, regardless of whether the role is designated as on-site, hybrid or remote.

The salary range for this role is 37,000 USD - 82,000 USD. The salary range provided is a good faith estimate representative of all experience levels. RTX considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role, function and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, location, education/training, and key skills.

Hired applicants may be eligible for benefits, including but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, flexible work schedules, employee assistance program, Employee Scholar Program, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. Specific benefits are dependent upon the specific business unit as well as whether or not the position is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement.

Hired applicants may be eligible for annual short-term and/or long-term incentive compensation programs depending on the level of the position and whether or not it is covered by a collective-bargaining agreement. Payments under these annual programs are not guaranteed and are dependent upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, individual performance, business unit performance, and/or the company’s performance.

This role is a U.S.-based role. If the successful candidate resides in a U.S. territory, the appropriate pay structure and benefits will apply.

RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted. However, factors such as candidate flow and business necessity may require RTX to shorten or extend the application window.

RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status, or any other applicable state or federal protected class. RTX provides affirmative action in employment for qualified Individuals with a Disability and Protected Veterans in compliance with Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act.

Privacy Policy and Terms:

Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms

Benefits found in job post

401(k)



